.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,
  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.
  
  Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you've done the following:
  - 📖 Read the Contributing Guide: https://github.com/codebuddies/frontend/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.
  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Code of Conduct: https://github.com/codebuddies/frontend/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.MD.
  - 👷‍♀️ Aim to create small PRs by splitting up feature work, and potentially multiple issues. 
  - ✅ Provide tests for your changes if relevant.
  - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.
  - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.
  Note: h/t to https://github.com/open-sauced/open-sauced/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md for this pull request template model. 
-->

## What type of PR is this? (check all applicable)

- [ ] ♻️ Refactor
- [ ] ✨ Feature
- [ ] 🐛 Bug Fix
- [ ] 🎨 Enhancement
- [ ] 📝 Documentation Update
- [ ] 🔖 Release
- [ ] 🚩 Other

## Context


## Screenshots/Recordings (if there are UI changes)


## Implementation Details - what was your thought process as you changed the code?



## Related Tickets & Documents (Optional)



## Added tests?

- [ ] 👍 yes
- [ ] 🙅 no, because they aren't needed
- [ ] 🙋 no, because I need help
- [ ] ✨ other (e.g. I'll add more tests in a separate issue or PR)

## Added to documentation?

- [ ] 📜 readme
- [ ] 🙅 no documentation needed
- [ ] 🙋 I'd like someone to help write documentation, and will file a new issue for it

Commit message:

Made some requested changes from @angelocordon

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,
  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.

  Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you've done the following:
  - 📖 Read the Contributing Guide: https://github.com/codebuddies/frontend/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.
  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Code of Conduct: https://github.com/codebuddies/frontend/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.MD.
  - 👷‍♀️ Aim to create small PRs by splitting up feature work, and potentially multiple issues.
  - ✅ Provide tests for your changes if relevant.
  - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.
  - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.
  Note: h/t to https://github.com/open-sauced/open-sauced/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md for this pull request template model.
-->

## What type of PR is this? (check all applicable)

- [ ] ♻️ Refactor
- [ ] ✨ Feature
- [ ] 🐛 Bug Fix
- [ ] 🎨 Enhancement
- [ ] 📝 Documentation Update
- [ ] 🔖 Release
- [ ] 🚩 Other

## Context

Placeholder example: This PR closes issue #12

## Screenshots/Recordings (if there are UI changes)

Placeholder example: ![screenshot of new resource page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4512699/89255710-3a3d4400-d5d7-11ea-9d56-8be1271d77a2.png)

## Implementation Details - what was your thought process as you changed the code?

Placeholder example:
[x] Made an axios GET request to /resources
[x] Refactored to use useQuery library
[x] Wrote tests

## Related Tickets & Documents (Optional)

Placeholder example: This relates to issue #23.

Filed issue #43 as a next step to do after this PR is merged.

## Added tests?

- [ ] 👍 yes
- [ ] 🙅 no, because they aren't needed
- [ ] 🙋 no, because I need help

## Added to documentation?

- [ ] 📜 readme
- [ ] 🙅 no documentation needed
- [ ] 🙋 I'd like someone to help write documentation, and will file a new issue for it
